README.md, before:

# Awesome-Flutter-WebRTC [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
> Awesome projects using flutter-webrtc.

- [Projects Using flutter-webrtc](#projects-using-flutter-webrtc)


# Projects Using flutter-webrtc
- [imboy-pub/imboy-flutter](https://github.com/imboy-pub/imboy-flutter) An open source instant chat solution developed with erlang on the back end and flutter on the front end (One-to-one audio and video calls rely on flutter-webrtc and eturnal, and erlang)
- [aliyazdi75/flutter_chat](https://github.com/aliyazdi75/flutter_chat) A full-featured (simple message, voice, video) flutter chat application by SignalR and WebRTC.
- [bennyboer/bbb_app](https://github.com/bennyboer/bbb_app) A modern bbb (BigBlueButton) client app.
- [connectycube_sdk](https://pub.dev/packages/connectycube_sdk) Flutter SDK for simple using ConnectyCube API features. Supports REST API and Realtime communication features.
- [flutter-webrtc/flutter-webrtc-demo](https://flutter-webrtc/flutter-webrtc-demo) The first example is used to demonstrate the use of flutter-webrtc's basic API and a minimal p2p call example.
- [flutter-webrtc/dart-sip-ua](https://flutter-webrtc/dart-sip-ua) A sip stack based on dart-lang and a complete SIP client, which can run on any platform.
- [flutterjanus/flutter_janus_client](https://github.com/flutterjanus/flutter_janus_client) The janus client sdk implemented using flutter.
- [maanasnetwork/flutter_janus](https://github.com/maanasnetwork/flutter_janus) Flutter plugin for Janus Gateway.
- [ossrs/flutter_live](https://github.com/ossrs/flutter_live) SRS(Simple Realtime Server) Choosing flutter-webrtc+fijkplayer to create its open source client `flutter_live`.
- [pion/ion-sdk-flutter](https://github.com/pion/ion-sdk-flutter) A video conference sdk based on ion-sfu.
- [telinx/janus_client_plugin](https://github.com/telinx/janus_client_plugin) janus client plugin.


# Contribute

Contributions welcome!

Commit message:

docs: add waterbus opensource to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Awesome-Flutter-WebRTC [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
> Awesome projects using flutter-webrtc.

- [Projects Using flutter-webrtc](#projects-using-flutter-webrtc)


# Projects Using flutter-webrtc
- [imboy-pub/imboy-flutter](https://github.com/imboy-pub/imboy-flutter) An open source instant chat solution developed with erlang on the back end and flutter on the front end (One-to-one audio and video calls rely on flutter-webrtc and eturnal, and erlang)
- [aliyazdi75/flutter_chat](https://github.com/aliyazdi75/flutter_chat) A full-featured (simple message, voice, video) flutter chat application by SignalR and WebRTC.
- [bennyboer/bbb_app](https://github.com/bennyboer/bbb_app) A modern bbb (BigBlueButton) client app.
- [connectycube_sdk](https://pub.dev/packages/connectycube_sdk) Flutter SDK for simple using ConnectyCube API features. Supports REST API and Realtime communication features.
- [flutter-webrtc/flutter-webrtc-demo](https://flutter-webrtc/flutter-webrtc-demo) The first example is used to demonstrate the use of flutter-webrtc's basic API and a minimal p2p call example.
- [flutter-webrtc/dart-sip-ua](https://flutter-webrtc/dart-sip-ua) A sip stack based on dart-lang and a complete SIP client, which can run on any platform.
- [flutterjanus/flutter_janus_client](https://github.com/flutterjanus/flutter_janus_client) The janus client sdk implemented using flutter.
- [maanasnetwork/flutter_janus](https://github.com/maanasnetwork/flutter_janus) Flutter plugin for Janus Gateway.
- [ossrs/flutter_live](https://github.com/ossrs/flutter_live) SRS(Simple Realtime Server) Choosing flutter-webrtc+fijkplayer to create its open source client `flutter_live`.
- [pion/ion-sdk-flutter](https://github.com/pion/ion-sdk-flutter) A video conference sdk based on ion-sfu.
- [telinx/janus_client_plugin](https://github.com/telinx/janus_client_plugin) janus client plugin.
- [waterbus](https://github.com/lambiengcode/waterbus) Built on the latest WebRTC Chromium. Waterbus, an SFU-powered video meeting app, offers robust support for a wide range of popular codecs. Seamless communication, secure collaboration, end-to-end encryption for multiple participants. Optimize your meetings with Waterbus. In addition, it also supports Picture in Picture and Virtual Background on both Android and iOS.

# Contribute

Contributions welcome!
